# Agent Bruno STORMAgent Bruno STORM is an advanced research assistant, inspired by the work of Shao et al., and built using LangGraph. It is tailored specifically for the Energy and Utility sector, aiming to enhance the generation of articles with richer content.In addition to the foundational concepts from Shao et al., Agent Bruno STORM also acknowledges the contribution of LangChain. Some of the sample code from LangChain has been reused and adapted for the development of Agent Bruno STORM, contributing to its functionality and effectiveness.One of the unique features of Agent Bruno STORM is its primed prompts, specifically designed for the Energy and Utility sector. These prompts are carefully curated to extract relevant information and insights, ensuring that the generated articles are tailored to the domain.In addition to utilizing traditional internet sources, Agent Bruno STORM introduces a novel approach by incorporating a private PineCone vector store containing domain-specific data. This vector store serves as a repository of knowledge, allowing the system to pull relevant context from pre-existing data. Through experiments, it has been observed that leveraging the vector store results in articles with more contextual relevance and depth.Agent Bruno STORM operates through a series of stages:1. **Outline Generation and Subject Survey:** Initial outline creation and exploration of related subjects, with prompts tailored for the Energy and Utility sector.2. **Perspective Identification:** Identification of distinct perspectives relevant to the domain.3. **Expert Interviews:** Interactive role-playing sessions between the article writer and research experts, where domain-specific queries are made and responses are synthesized from both internet sources and the private PineCone vector store.4. **Outline Refinement:** Refinement of the initial outline using insights gathered from expert interviews and additional research.5. **Section Writing and Article Compilation:** Writing individual sections of the article followed by compilation into a comprehensive piece, enriched with domain-specific knowledge.Agent Bruno STORM revolutionizes the article generation process by integrating research insights, domain-specific prompts, and advanced data retrieval techniques. The result is a high-quality, domain-tailored article that meets the specific needs of the Energy and Utility sector.## InstallationYou can install the package using pip. Run the following command:```bashpip install AgentBruno## Usage### `write_storm_article` Function#### Parameters:- `topic`: (str) The topic of the article.- `open_ai_key`: (str) The API key for OpenAI.- `pinecone_api_key`: (str, optional) The API key for Pinecone.- `pinecone_envo`: (str, optional) The environment for Pinecone.- `pinecone_index`: (str, optional) The index for Pinecone (default: None).#### Example Usage:```pythonfrom AgentBruno import write_storm_article# Example usage without specifying pinecone_index (it will default to None)article = write_storm_article(topic='Your topic', open_ai_key='Your key')# Example usage specifying a value for pinecone_indexarticle = write_storm_article(topic='Your topic', open_ai_key='Your key', pinecone_api_key='Your key', pinecone_envo='Your env', pinecone_index='Your index')## CreditsThis project utilizes code from the following sources:- [Storm Notebook](https://github.com/langchain-ai/langgraph/blob/main/examples/storm/storm.ipynb): Portions of the code in this project are adapted from the Storm library, developed by LangChain.