README.md
pyproject.toml
setup.cfg
am2r_yams/__init__.py
am2r_yams/wrapper.py
am2r_yams.egg-info/PKG-INFO
am2r_yams.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
am2r_yams.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
am2r_yams.egg-info/entry_points.txt
am2r_yams.egg-info/not-zip-safe
am2r_yams.egg-info/requires.txt
am2r_yams.egg-info/top_level.txt
am2r_yams/__pyinstaller/__init__.py
am2r_yams/__pyinstaller/hook-am2r_yams.py
am2r_yams/yams/ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
am2r_yams/yams/Macross.Json.Extensions.dll
am2r_yams/yams/Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
am2r_yams/yams/NaturalSort.Extension.dll
am2r_yams/yams/PropertyChanged.dll
am2r_yams/yams/SixLabors.ImageSharp.dll
am2r_yams/yams/System.Drawing.Common.dll
am2r_yams/yams/UndertaleModLib.dll
am2r_yams/yams/UndertaleModLib.xml
am2r_yams/yams/YAMS-LIB.deps.json
am2r_yams/yams/YAMS-LIB.dll
am2r_yams/yams/YAMS-LIB.pdb
am2r_yams/yams/runtimes/unix/lib/netcoreapp3.0/System.Drawing.Common.dll
am2r_yams/yams/runtimes/win/lib/netcoreapp3.0/Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
am2r_yams/yams/runtimes/win/lib/netcoreapp3.0/System.Drawing.Common.dll
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/Attribution.md
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/LICENSE-GRAPHICS
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorA5EMPNearBulletHell.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorA5EMPNearPipeHub.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorA5EMPNearSave.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorA5EMPNearTotem.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorA5EMPRightExterior.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorA5EMPRobotHome.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorAnim_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorAnim_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorAnim_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorAnim_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorAnim_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorAnim_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorAnim_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorAnim_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorAnim_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorArachnus.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorBlue.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorBomb.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorChargeBeam.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorEMPA1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorEMPA2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorEMPA3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorEMPActivated.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorGenesis.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorGuardian.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorIceBeam.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorLocked.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorMissile.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorPBomb.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorPlasmaBeam.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorQueen.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorScrew.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorSerris.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorSpazerBeam.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorSpider.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorSuper.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorTempLocked.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorTester.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorTorizo.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorTowerEnabled.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorWaveBeam.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/bigHealthDrop/sItemBigHealthDrop_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/bigHealthDrop/sItemBigHealthDrop_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/bigHealthDrop/sItemBigHealthDrop_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/bigHealthDrop/sItemBigHealthDrop_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/blindfold/sItemBlindfold_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/blindfold/sItemBlindfold_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/blindfold/sItemBlindfold_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/blindfold/sItemBlindfold_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/dna/sItemDNA_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/dna/sItemDNA_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/dna/sItemDNA_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/dna/sItemDNA_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/dna/sItemDNA_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/dna/sItemDNA_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/dna/sItemDNA_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/dna/sItemDNA_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/dna/sItemDNA_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/flashlight/sItemFlashlight_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/flashlight/sItemFlashlight_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/flashlight/sItemFlashlight_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/flashlight/sItemFlashlight_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/flashlight/sItemFlashlight_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/flashlight/sItemFlashlight_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/flashlight/sItemFlashlight_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/flashlight/sItemFlashlight_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/flashlight/sItemFlashlight_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/flashlight/sItemFlashlight_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileDrop/sItemMissileDrop_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileDrop/sItemMissileDrop_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileDrop/sItemMissileDrop_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileDrop/sItemMissileDrop_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileLauncher/sItemMissileLauncher_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileLauncher/sItemMissileLauncher_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileLauncher/sItemMissileLauncher_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileLauncher/sItemMissileLauncher_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileLauncher/sItemMissileLauncher_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileLauncher/sItemMissileLauncher_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileLauncher/sItemMissileLauncher_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileLauncher/sItemMissileLauncher_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileLauncher/sItemMissileLauncher_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileLauncher/sItemMissileLauncher_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileLauncher/sItemMissileLauncher_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileLauncher/sItemMissileLauncher_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_16.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/nothing/sItemNothing_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/nothing/sItemNothing_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/nothing/sItemNothing_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/nothing/sItemNothing_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbDrop/sItemPBombDrop_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbDrop/sItemPBombDrop_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbDrop/sItemPBombDrop_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbDrop/sItemPBombDrop_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbLauncher/sItemPBombLauncher_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbLauncher/sItemPBombLauncher_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbLauncher/sItemPBombLauncher_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbLauncher/sItemPBombLauncher_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbLauncher/sItemPBombLauncher_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbLauncher/sItemPBombLauncher_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbLauncher/sItemPBombLauncher_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbLauncher/sItemPBombLauncher_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbLauncher/sItemPBombLauncher_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbLauncher/sItemPBombLauncher_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbLauncher/sItemPBombLauncher_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbLauncher/sItemPBombLauncher_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/powerGrip/sItemPowergrip_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/powerGrip/sItemPowergrip_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/powerGrip/sItemPowergrip_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/powerGrip/sItemPowergrip_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/progressiveJump/sItemProgressiveJump_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/progressiveJump/sItemProgressiveJump_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/progressiveJump/sItemProgressiveJump_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/progressiveJump/sItemProgressiveJump_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/progressiveSuit/sItemProgressiveSuit_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/progressiveSuit/sItemProgressiveSuit_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/progressiveSuit/sItemProgressiveSuit_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/progressiveSuit/sItemProgressiveSuit_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_16.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_17.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_18.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyHijump/sItemShinyHijump_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyHijump/sItemShinyHijump_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyHijump/sItemShinyHijump_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyHijump/sItemShinyHijump_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyIcebeam/sItemShinyIceBeam_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyIcebeam/sItemShinyIceBeam_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyIcebeam/sItemShinyIceBeam_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyIcebeam/sItemShinyIceBeam_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyMissile/sItemShinyMissile_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyMissile/sItemShinyMissile_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyMissile/sItemShinyMissile_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyMissile/sItemShinyMissile_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyNothing/sItemShinyNothing_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyNothing/sItemShinyNothing_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyNothing/sItemShinyNothing_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyNothing/sItemShinyNothing_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyNothing/sItemShinyNothing_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyNothing/sItemShinyNothing_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyNothing/sItemShinyNothing_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyNothing/sItemShinyNothing_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/smallHealthDrop/sItemSmallHealthDrop_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/smallHealthDrop/sItemSmallHealthDrop_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/smallHealthDrop/sItemSmallHealthDrop_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/smallHealthDrop/sItemSmallHealthDrop_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/speedboosterUpgrade/sItemSpeedBoosterUpgrade_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/speedboosterUpgrade/sItemSpeedBoosterUpgrade_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/speedboosterUpgrade/sItemSpeedBoosterUpgrade_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/speedboosterUpgrade/sItemSpeedBoosterUpgrade_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/speedboosterUpgrade/sItemSpeedBoosterUpgrade_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/speedboosterUpgrade/sItemSpeedBoosterUpgrade_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/speedboosterUpgrade/sItemSpeedBoosterUpgrade_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/speedboosterUpgrade/sItemSpeedBoosterUpgrade_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileDrop/sItemSMissileDrop_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileDrop/sItemSMissileDrop_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileDrop/sItemSMissileDrop_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileDrop/sItemSMissileDrop_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileLauncher/sItemSMissileLauncher_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileLauncher/sItemSMissileLauncher_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileLauncher/sItemSMissileLauncher_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileLauncher/sItemSMissileLauncher_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileLauncher/sItemSMissileLauncher_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileLauncher/sItemSMissileLauncher_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileLauncher/sItemSMissileLauncher_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileLauncher/sItemSMissileLauncher_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileLauncher/sItemSMissileLauncher_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileLauncher/sItemSMissileLauncher_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileLauncher/sItemSMissileLauncher_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileLauncher/sItemSMissileLauncher_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/unknown/sItemUnknown_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/unknown/sItemUnknown_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/unknown/sItemUnknown_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/unknown/sItemUnknown_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/bgGUIMetCountBG2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/bgGUIMetCountBG2ELM.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/bg_MapBottom2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/newA4Doors.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/newA4Doors2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/sDisconnected.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/sMapHint.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/tlWarpDepthsEntrance.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/tlWarpDepthsExit.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/tlWarpHideout.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/tlWarpWaterfall.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hintsBGs/bgLogDNA.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hintsBGs/bgLogDNA0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hintsBGs/bgLogDNA1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hintsBGs/bgLogDNA2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hintsBGs/bgLogDNA3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hintsBGs/bgLogDNA4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hintsBGs/bgLogDNA5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hintsBGs/bgLogDNA6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hintsBGs/bgLogIce.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hud/sGUIMissileNormal.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hud/sGUIMissileNormalGreen.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hud/sGUIMissileSelected.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hud/sGUIPBombNormal.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hud/sGUIPBombNormalGreen.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hud/sGUIPBombSelected.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hud/sGUISMissileNormal.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hud/sGUISMissileNormalGreen.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hud/sGUISMissileSelected.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/newMapTiles/sMapBlockUnexplored.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/newMapTiles/sMapCornerUnexplored_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/newMapTiles/sMapCornerUnexplored_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/newMapTiles/sMapCornerUnexplored_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/newMapTiles/sMapCornerUnexplored_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/newMapTiles/sMapCornerUnexplored_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/newMapTiles/sMapCornerUnexplored_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/newMapTiles/sMapCornerUnexplored_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/newMapTiles/sMapCornerUnexplored_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/newMapTiles/sMapCornerUnexplored_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/newMapTiles/sMapCornerUnexplored_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/skippy_bot/sAutoadP.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/skippy_bot/sAutoadPClaw.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/skippy_bot/sAutoadPFang.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/wisdomSeptoggs/sWisdomSeptogg_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/wisdomSeptoggs/sWisdomSeptogg_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/wisdomSeptoggs/sWisdomSeptogg_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/wisdomSeptoggs/sWisdomSeptogg_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/caveStory/generic/sItemGenericCS_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/caveStory/generic/sItemGenericCS_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/caveStory/generic/sItemGenericCS_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/caveStory/generic/sItemGenericCS_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/default/sItemRDV_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/default/sItemRDV_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/default/sItemRDV_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/default/sItemRDV_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/crossBombs/sItemCrossBombsDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/crossBombs/sItemCrossBombsDread_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/crossBombs/sItemCrossBombsDread_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/crossBombs/sItemCrossBombsDread_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/crossBombs/sItemCrossBombsDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/crossBombs/sItemCrossBombsDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/crossBombs/sItemCrossBombsDread_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/crossBombs/sItemCrossBombsDread_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/crossBombs/sItemCrossBombsDread_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/crossBombs/sItemCrossBombsDread_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/crossBombs/sItemCrossBombsDread_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/crossBombs/sItemCrossBombsDread_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/diffusionBeam/sItemDiffusionBeamDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/diffusionBeam/sItemDiffusionBeamDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/diffusionBeam/sItemDiffusionBeamDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/diffusionBeam/sItemDiffusionBeamDread_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/energyPart/sItemEPartDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/energyPart/sItemEPartDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/energyPart/sItemEPartDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/energyPart/sItemEPartDread_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/energyTank/sItemETankDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/energyTank/sItemETankDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/energyTank/sItemETankDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/energyTank/sItemETankDread_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/flashShift/sItemFlashShiftDread_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/flashShift/sItemFlashShiftDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/flashShift/sItemFlashShiftDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/flashShift/sItemFlashShiftDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/flashShift/sItemFlashShiftDread_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/flashShift/sItemFlashShiftDread_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/flashShift/sItemFlashShiftDread_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/flashShift/sItemFlashShiftDread_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grappleBeam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grappleBeam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grappleBeam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grappleBeam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grappleBeam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grappleBeam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grappleBeam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grappleBeam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_16.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grappleBeam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grappleBeam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grappleBeam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grappleBeam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grappleBeam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grappleBeam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grappleBeam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grappleBeam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/iceMissiles/sItemIceMissilesDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/iceMissiles/sItemIceMissilesDread_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/iceMissiles/sItemIceMissilesDread_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/iceMissiles/sItemIceMissilesDread_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/iceMissiles/sItemIceMissilesDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/iceMissiles/sItemIceMissilesDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/iceMissiles/sItemIceMissilesDread_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/iceMissiles/sItemIceMissilesDread_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/iceMissiles/sItemIceMissilesDread_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/iceMissiles/sItemIceMissilesDread_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/iceMissiles/sItemIceMissilesDread_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/iceMissiles/sItemIceMissilesDread_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/missileTank/sItemMissileTankDread_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/missileTank/sItemMissileTankDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/missileTank/sItemMissileTankDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/missileTank/sItemMissileTankDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/missileTank/sItemMissileTankDread_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/missileTank/sItemMissileTankDread_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/missileTank/sItemMissileTankDread_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/missileTank/sItemMissileTankDread_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/missileTankPlus/sItemMissileTankPlusDread_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/missileTankPlus/sItemMissileTankPlusDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/missileTankPlus/sItemMissileTankPlusDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/missileTankPlus/sItemMissileTankPlusDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/missileTankPlus/sItemMissileTankPlusDread_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/missileTankPlus/sItemMissileTankPlusDread_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/missileTankPlus/sItemMissileTankPlusDread_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/missileTankPlus/sItemMissileTankPlusDread_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morphBall/sItemMorphBallDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morphBall/sItemMorphBallDread_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morphBall/sItemMorphBallDread_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morphBall/sItemMorphBallDread_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morphBall/sItemMorphBallDread_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morphBall/sItemMorphBallDread_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morphBall/sItemMorphBallDread_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morphBall/sItemMorphBallDread_16.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morphBall/sItemMorphBallDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morphBall/sItemMorphBallDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morphBall/sItemMorphBallDread_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morphBall/sItemMorphBallDread_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morphBall/sItemMorphBallDread_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morphBall/sItemMorphBallDread_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morphBall/sItemMorphBallDread_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morphBall/sItemMorphBallDread_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pbLauncher/sItemPowerBombLauncherDread_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pbLauncher/sItemPowerBombLauncherDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pbLauncher/sItemPowerBombLauncherDread_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pbLauncher/sItemPowerBombLauncherDread_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pbLauncher/sItemPowerBombLauncherDread_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pbLauncher/sItemPowerBombLauncherDread_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pbLauncher/sItemPowerBombLauncherDread_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pbLauncher/sItemPowerBombLauncherDread_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pbLauncher/sItemPowerBombLauncherDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pbLauncher/sItemPowerBombLauncherDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pbLauncher/sItemPowerBombLauncherDread_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pbLauncher/sItemPowerBombLauncherDread_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pbLauncher/sItemPowerBombLauncherDread_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pbLauncher/sItemPowerBombLauncherDread_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pbLauncher/sItemPowerBombLauncherDread_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pbLauncher/sItemPowerBombLauncherDread_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pbTank/sItemPowerBombTankDread_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pbTank/sItemPowerBombTankDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pbTank/sItemPowerBombTankDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pbTank/sItemPowerBombTankDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pbTank/sItemPowerBombTankDread_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pbTank/sItemPowerBombTankDread_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pbTank/sItemPowerBombTankDread_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pbTank/sItemPowerBombTankDread_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/phantomCloak/sItemPhantomCloakDread_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/phantomCloak/sItemPhantomCloakDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/phantomCloak/sItemPhantomCloakDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/phantomCloak/sItemPhantomCloakDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/phantomCloak/sItemPhantomCloakDread_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/phantomCloak/sItemPhantomCloakDread_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/phantomCloak/sItemPhantomCloakDread_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/phantomCloak/sItemPhantomCloakDread_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pulseRadar/sItemPulseRadarDread_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pulseRadar/sItemPulseRadarDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pulseRadar/sItemPulseRadarDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pulseRadar/sItemPulseRadarDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pulseRadar/sItemPulseRadarDread_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pulseRadar/sItemPulseRadarDread_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pulseRadar/sItemPulseRadarDread_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/pulseRadar/sItemPulseRadarDread_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spaceJump/sItemSpaceJumpDread_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spaceJump/sItemSpaceJumpDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spaceJump/sItemSpaceJumpDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spaceJump/sItemSpaceJumpDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speedBooster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speedBooster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speedBooster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speedBooster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speedBooster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speedBooster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speedBooster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speedBooster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_16.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speedBooster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_17.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speedBooster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_18.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speedBooster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_19.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speedBooster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speedBooster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speedBooster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speedBooster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speedBooster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speedBooster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speedBooster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speedBooster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spiderMagnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spiderMagnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spiderMagnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spiderMagnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spiderMagnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spiderMagnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spiderMagnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spiderMagnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_16.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spiderMagnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_17.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spiderMagnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_18.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spiderMagnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_19.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spiderMagnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spiderMagnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_20.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spiderMagnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spiderMagnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spiderMagnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spiderMagnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spiderMagnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spiderMagnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spiderMagnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spinBoost/sItemSpinBoostDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spinBoost/sItemSpinBoostDread_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spinBoost/sItemSpinBoostDread_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spinBoost/sItemSpinBoostDread_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spinBoost/sItemSpinBoostDread_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spinBoost/sItemSpinBoostDread_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spinBoost/sItemSpinBoostDread_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spinBoost/sItemSpinBoostDread_16.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spinBoost/sItemSpinBoostDread_17.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spinBoost/sItemSpinBoostDread_18.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spinBoost/sItemSpinBoostDread_19.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spinBoost/sItemSpinBoostDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spinBoost/sItemSpinBoostDread_20.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spinBoost/sItemSpinBoostDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spinBoost/sItemSpinBoostDread_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spinBoost/sItemSpinBoostDread_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spinBoost/sItemSpinBoostDread_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spinBoost/sItemSpinBoostDread_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spinBoost/sItemSpinBoostDread_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spinBoost/sItemSpinBoostDread_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/stormMissiles/sItemStormMissilesDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/stormMissiles/sItemStormMissilesDread_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/stormMissiles/sItemStormMissilesDread_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/stormMissiles/sItemStormMissilesDread_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/stormMissiles/sItemStormMissilesDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/stormMissiles/sItemStormMissilesDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/stormMissiles/sItemStormMissilesDread_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/stormMissiles/sItemStormMissilesDread_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/stormMissiles/sItemStormMissilesDread_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/stormMissiles/sItemStormMissilesDread_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/stormMissiles/sItemStormMissilesDread_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/stormMissiles/sItemStormMissilesDread_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/varia/sItemVariaSuitDread_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/varia/sItemVariaSuitDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/varia/sItemVariaSuitDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/varia/sItemVariaSuitDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/varia/sItemVariaSuitDread_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/varia/sItemVariaSuitDread_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/varia/sItemVariaSuitDread_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/varia/sItemVariaSuitDread_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/varia/sItemVariaSuitDread_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/wideBeam/sItemWideBeamDread_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/wideBeam/sItemWideBeamDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/wideBeam/sItemWideBeamDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/wideBeam/sItemWideBeamDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/amber/sItemAmberEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/amber/sItemAmberEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/amber/sItemAmberEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/amber/sItemAmberEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/amber/sItemAmberEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/amber/sItemAmberEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/annihilator/sItemAnnihilatorEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/annihilator/sItemAnnihilatorEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/annihilator/sItemAnnihilatorEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/beamAmmo/sItemBeamAmmoEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/beamAmmo/sItemBeamAmmoEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/beamAmmo/sItemBeamAmmoEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/beamAmmo/sItemBeamAmmoEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cannonBall/sItemCannonBallEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cannonBall/sItemCannonBallEchoes_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cannonBall/sItemCannonBallEchoes_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cannonBall/sItemCannonBallEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cannonBall/sItemCannonBallEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cannonBall/sItemCannonBallEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cannonBall/sItemCannonBallEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cannonBall/sItemCannonBallEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cannonBall/sItemCannonBallEchoes_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cannonBall/sItemCannonBallEchoes_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cannonBall/sItemCannonBallEchoes_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cobalt/sItemCobaltEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cobalt/sItemCobaltEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cobalt/sItemCobaltEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cobalt/sItemCobaltEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cobalt/sItemCobaltEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cobalt/sItemCobaltEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkAgon/sItemDarkAgonKeyEchoes_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkAgon/sItemDarkAgonKeyEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkAgon/sItemDarkAgonKeyEchoes_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkAgon/sItemDarkAgonKeyEchoes_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkAgon/sItemDarkAgonKeyEchoes_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkAgon/sItemDarkAgonKeyEchoes_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkAgon/sItemDarkAgonKeyEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkAgon/sItemDarkAgonKeyEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkAgon/sItemDarkAgonKeyEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkAgon/sItemDarkAgonKeyEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkAgon/sItemDarkAgonKeyEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkAgon/sItemDarkAgonKeyEchoes_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkAgon/sItemDarkAgonKeyEchoes_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkAgon/sItemDarkAgonKeyEchoes_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkAmmo/sItemDarkAmmoEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkAmmo/sItemDarkAmmoEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkAmmo/sItemDarkAmmoEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkAmmo/sItemDarkAmmoEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkBeam/sItemDarkBeamEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkBeam/sItemDarkBeamEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkBeam/sItemDarkBeamEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkBeam/sItemDarkBeamEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkBurst/sItemDarkburstEchoes_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkBurst/sItemDarkburstEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkBurst/sItemDarkburstEchoes_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkBurst/sItemDarkburstEchoes_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkBurst/sItemDarkburstEchoes_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkBurst/sItemDarkburstEchoes_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkBurst/sItemDarkburstEchoes_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkBurst/sItemDarkburstEchoes_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkBurst/sItemDarkburstEchoes_16.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkBurst/sItemDarkburstEchoes_17.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkBurst/sItemDarkburstEchoes_18.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkBurst/sItemDarkburstEchoes_19.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkBurst/sItemDarkburstEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkBurst/sItemDarkburstEchoes_20.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkBurst/sItemDarkburstEchoes_21.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkBurst/sItemDarkburstEchoes_22.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkBurst/sItemDarkburstEchoes_23.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkBurst/sItemDarkburstEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkBurst/sItemDarkburstEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkBurst/sItemDarkburstEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkBurst/sItemDarkburstEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkBurst/sItemDarkburstEchoes_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkBurst/sItemDarkburstEchoes_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkBurst/sItemDarkburstEchoes_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkSuit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkSuit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkSuit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkSuit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkSuit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkSuit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkSuit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkSuit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_16.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkSuit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkSuit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkSuit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkSuit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkSuit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkSuit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkSuit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkSuit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkTorvus/sItemDarkTorvusKeyEchoes_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkTorvus/sItemDarkTorvusKeyEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkTorvus/sItemDarkTorvusKeyEchoes_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkTorvus/sItemDarkTorvusKeyEchoes_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkTorvus/sItemDarkTorvusKeyEchoes_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkTorvus/sItemDarkTorvusKeyEchoes_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkTorvus/sItemDarkTorvusKeyEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkTorvus/sItemDarkTorvusKeyEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkTorvus/sItemDarkTorvusKeyEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkTorvus/sItemDarkTorvusKeyEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkTorvus/sItemDarkTorvusKeyEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkTorvus/sItemDarkTorvusKeyEchoes_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkTorvus/sItemDarkTorvusKeyEchoes_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkTorvus/sItemDarkTorvusKeyEchoes_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkVisor/sItemDarkVisorEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkVisor/sItemDarkVisorEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkVisor/sItemDarkVisorEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkVisor/sItemDarkVisorEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkVisor/sItemDarkVisorEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkVisor/sItemDarkVisorEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/echoVisor/sItemEchoVisorEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/echoVisor/sItemEchoVisorEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/echoVisor/sItemEchoVisorEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/echoVisor/sItemEchoVisorEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/echoVisor/sItemEchoVisorEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/echoVisor/sItemEchoVisorEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/emerald/sItemEmeraldEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/emerald/sItemEmeraldEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/emerald/sItemEmeraldEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/emerald/sItemEmeraldEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/emerald/sItemEmeraldEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/emerald/sItemEmeraldEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/ingHive/sItemIngHiveKeyEchoes_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/ingHive/sItemIngHiveKeyEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/ingHive/sItemIngHiveKeyEchoes_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/ingHive/sItemIngHiveKeyEchoes_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/ingHive/sItemIngHiveKeyEchoes_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/ingHive/sItemIngHiveKeyEchoes_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/ingHive/sItemIngHiveKeyEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/ingHive/sItemIngHiveKeyEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/ingHive/sItemIngHiveKeyEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/ingHive/sItemIngHiveKeyEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/ingHive/sItemIngHiveKeyEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/ingHive/sItemIngHiveKeyEchoes_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/ingHive/sItemIngHiveKeyEchoes_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/ingHive/sItemIngHiveKeyEchoes_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/lightAmmo/sItemLightAmmoEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/lightAmmo/sItemLightAmmoEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/lightAmmo/sItemLightAmmoEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/lightAmmo/sItemLightAmmoEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/lightBeam/sItemLightBeamEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/lightBeam/sItemLightBeamEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/lightBeam/sItemLightBeamEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/lightBeam/sItemLightBeamEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/lightSuit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/lightSuit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/lightSuit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/lightSuit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/lightSuit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/lightSuit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/lightSuit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/lightSuit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_16.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/lightSuit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/lightSuit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/lightSuit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/lightSuit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/lightSuit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/lightSuit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/lightSuit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/lightSuit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/powerBombLauncher/sItemPowerBombLauncherEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/powerBombLauncher/sItemPowerBombLauncherEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/powerBombLauncher/sItemPowerBombLauncherEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/powerBombLauncher/sItemPowerBombLauncherEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressiveSuit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressiveSuit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressiveSuit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressiveSuit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressiveSuit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressiveSuit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressiveSuit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressiveSuit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_16.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressiveSuit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressiveSuit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressiveSuit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressiveSuit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressiveSuit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressiveSuit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressiveSuit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressiveSuit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/screwAttack/sItemScrewAttackEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/screwAttack/sItemScrewAttackEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/screwAttack/sItemScrewAttackEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/screwAttack/sItemScrewAttackEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/seekers/sItemSeekerMissileEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/seekers/sItemSeekerMissileEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/seekers/sItemSeekerMissileEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/seekers/sItemSeekerMissileEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/skyTempleKey/sItemSkyTempleKeyEchoes_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/skyTempleKey/sItemSkyTempleKeyEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/skyTempleKey/sItemSkyTempleKeyEchoes_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/skyTempleKey/sItemSkyTempleKeyEchoes_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/skyTempleKey/sItemSkyTempleKeyEchoes_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/skyTempleKey/sItemSkyTempleKeyEchoes_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/skyTempleKey/sItemSkyTempleKeyEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/skyTempleKey/sItemSkyTempleKeyEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/skyTempleKey/sItemSkyTempleKeyEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/skyTempleKey/sItemSkyTempleKeyEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/skyTempleKey/sItemSkyTempleKeyEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/skyTempleKey/sItemSkyTempleKeyEchoes_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/skyTempleKey/sItemSkyTempleKeyEchoes_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/skyTempleKey/sItemSkyTempleKeyEchoes_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sonicBoom/sItemSonicBoomEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sonicBoom/sItemSonicBoomEchoes_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sonicBoom/sItemSonicBoomEchoes_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sonicBoom/sItemSonicBoomEchoes_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sonicBoom/sItemSonicBoomEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sonicBoom/sItemSonicBoomEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sonicBoom/sItemSonicBoomEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sonicBoom/sItemSonicBoomEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sonicBoom/sItemSonicBoomEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sonicBoom/sItemSonicBoomEchoes_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sonicBoom/sItemSonicBoomEchoes_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sonicBoom/sItemSonicBoomEchoes_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/superMissile/sItemSuperMissileEchoes_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/superMissile/sItemSuperMissileEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/superMissile/sItemSuperMissileEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/superMissile/sItemSuperMissileEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/violet/sItemVioletEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/violet/sItemVioletEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/violet/sItemVioletEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/violet/sItemVioletEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/violet/sItemVioletEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/violet/sItemVioletEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/arrtifactElder/sItemArtifactElderPrime_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/arrtifactElder/sItemArtifactElderPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/arrtifactElder/sItemArtifactElderPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/arrtifactElder/sItemArtifactElderPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/arrtifactElder/sItemArtifactElderPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifact/sItemArtifactPrime_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifact/sItemArtifactPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifact/sItemArtifactPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifact/sItemArtifactPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifact/sItemArtifactPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactChozo/sItemArtifactChozoPrime_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactChozo/sItemArtifactChozoPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactChozo/sItemArtifactChozoPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactChozo/sItemArtifactChozoPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactChozo/sItemArtifactChozoPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactLifegiver/sItemArtifactLifegiverPrime_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactLifegiver/sItemArtifactLifegiverPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactLifegiver/sItemArtifactLifegiverPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactLifegiver/sItemArtifactLifegiverPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactLifegiver/sItemArtifactLifegiverPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactNature/sItemArtifactNaturePrime_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactNature/sItemArtifactNaturePrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactNature/sItemArtifactNaturePrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactNature/sItemArtifactNaturePrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactNature/sItemArtifactNaturePrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactNewborn/sItemArtifactNewbornPrime_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactNewborn/sItemArtifactNewbornPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactNewborn/sItemArtifactNewbornPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactNewborn/sItemArtifactNewbornPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactNewborn/sItemArtifactNewbornPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactSpirit/sItemArtifactSpiritPrime_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactSpirit/sItemArtifactSpiritPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactSpirit/sItemArtifactSpiritPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactSpirit/sItemArtifactSpiritPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactSpirit/sItemArtifactSpiritPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactStrength/sItemArtifactStrengthPrime_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactStrength/sItemArtifactStrengthPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactStrength/sItemArtifactStrengthPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactStrength/sItemArtifactStrengthPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactStrength/sItemArtifactStrengthPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactSun/sItemArtifactSunPrime_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactSun/sItemArtifactSunPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactSun/sItemArtifactSunPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactSun/sItemArtifactSunPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactSun/sItemArtifactSunPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactTruth/sItemArtifactTruthPrime_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactTruth/sItemArtifactTruthPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactTruth/sItemArtifactTruthPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactTruth/sItemArtifactTruthPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactTruth/sItemArtifactTruthPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactWarrior/sItemArtifactWarriorPrime_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactWarrior/sItemArtifactWarriorPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactWarrior/sItemArtifactWarriorPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactWarrior/sItemArtifactWarriorPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactWarrior/sItemArtifactWarriorPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactWild/sItemArtifactWildPrime_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactWild/sItemArtifactWildPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactWild/sItemArtifactWildPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactWild/sItemArtifactWildPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactWild/sItemArtifactWildPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactWorld/sItemArtifactWorldPrime_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactWorld/sItemArtifactWorldPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactWorld/sItemArtifactWorldPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactWorld/sItemArtifactWorldPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifactWorld/sItemArtifactWorldPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/bombs/sItemBombsPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/bombs/sItemBombsPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/bombs/sItemBombsPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/bombs/sItemBombsPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/bombs/sItemBombsPrime_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/bombs/sItemBombsPrime_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/bombs/sItemBombsPrime_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boostBall/sItemBoostBallPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boostBall/sItemBoostBallPrime_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boostBall/sItemBoostBallPrime_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boostBall/sItemBoostBallPrime_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boostBall/sItemBoostBallPrime_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boostBall/sItemBoostBallPrime_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boostBall/sItemBoostBallPrime_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boostBall/sItemBoostBallPrime_16.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boostBall/sItemBoostBallPrime_17.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boostBall/sItemBoostBallPrime_18.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boostBall/sItemBoostBallPrime_19.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boostBall/sItemBoostBallPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boostBall/sItemBoostBallPrime_20.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boostBall/sItemBoostBallPrime_21.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boostBall/sItemBoostBallPrime_22.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boostBall/sItemBoostBallPrime_23.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boostBall/sItemBoostBallPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boostBall/sItemBoostBallPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boostBall/sItemBoostBallPrime_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boostBall/sItemBoostBallPrime_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boostBall/sItemBoostBallPrime_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boostBall/sItemBoostBallPrime_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boostBall/sItemBoostBallPrime_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/combatVisor/sItemCombatVisorPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/combatVisor/sItemCombatVisorPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/combatVisor/sItemCombatVisorPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/combatVisor/sItemCombatVisorPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/combatVisor/sItemCombatVisorPrime_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/combatVisor/sItemCombatVisorPrime_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/flamethrower/sItemFlamethrowerPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/flamethrower/sItemFlamethrowerPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/flamethrower/sItemFlamethrowerPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/flamethrower/sItemFlamethrowerPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/grapple/sItemGrappleBeamPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/grapple/sItemGrappleBeamPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/grapple/sItemGrappleBeamPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/grapple/sItemGrappleBeamPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_16.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/iceBeam/sItemIceBeamPrime__1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/iceBeam/sItemIceBeamPrime__2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/iceBeam/sItemIceBeamPrime__3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/iceBeam/sItemIceBeamPrime__4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/iceBeam/sItemIceBeamPrime__5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/iceBeam/sItemIceBeamPrime__6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/iceSpreader/sItemIceSpreaderPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/iceSpreader/sItemIceSpreaderPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/iceSpreader/sItemIceSpreaderPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/iceSpreader/sItemIceSpreaderPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/morphBall/sItemMorphBallPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/morphBall/sItemMorphBallPrime_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/morphBall/sItemMorphBallPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/morphBall/sItemMorphBallPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/morphBall/sItemMorphBallPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/morphBall/sItemMorphBallPrime_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/morphBall/sItemMorphBallPrime_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/morphBall/sItemMorphBallPrime_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/morphBall/sItemMorphBallPrime_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/morphBall/sItemMorphBallPrime_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazonSuit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazonSuit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazonSuit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazonSuit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazonSuit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazonSuit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazonSuit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazonSuit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_16.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazonSuit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazonSuit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazonSuit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazonSuit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazonSuit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazonSuit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazonSuit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazonSuit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/plasmaBeam/sItemPlasmaBeamPrime__1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/plasmaBeam/sItemPlasmaBeamPrime__2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/plasmaBeam/sItemPlasmaBeamPrime__3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/plasmaBeam/sItemPlasmaBeamPrime__4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/plasmaBeam/sItemPlasmaBeamPrime__5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/plasmaBeam/sItemPlasmaBeamPrime__6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/powerBeam/sItemPowerBeamPrime__1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/powerBeam/sItemPowerBeamPrime__2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/powerBeam/sItemPowerBeamPrime__3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/powerBeam/sItemPowerBeamPrime__4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/powerBeam/sItemPowerBeamPrime__5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/powerBeam/sItemPowerBeamPrime__6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/powerBombLauncher/sItemPowerBombLauncherPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/powerBombLauncher/sItemPowerBombLauncherPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/powerBombLauncher/sItemPowerBombLauncherPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/powerBombLauncher/sItemPowerBombLauncherPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/powerBombLauncher/sItemPowerBombLauncherPrime_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/powerBombLauncher/sItemPowerBombLauncherPrime_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/powerBombLauncher/sItemPowerBombLauncherPrime_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/scanVisor/sItemScanVisorPrime__1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/scanVisor/sItemScanVisorPrime__2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/scanVisor/sItemScanVisorPrime__3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/scanVisor/sItemScanVisorPrime__4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/scanVisor/sItemScanVisorPrime__5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/scanVisor/sItemScanVisorPrime__6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/superMissile/sItemSuperMissilePrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/superMissile/sItemSuperMissilePrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/superMissile/sItemSuperMissilePrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/superMissile/sItemSuperMissilePrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/thermalVisor/sItemThermalVisorPrime__1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/thermalVisor/sItemThermalVisorPrime__2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/thermalVisor/sItemThermalVisorPrime__3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/thermalVisor/sItemThermalVisorPrime__4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/thermalVisor/sItemThermalVisorPrime__5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/thermalVisor/sItemThermalVisorPrime__6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_16.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/waveBeam/sItemWaveBeamPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/waveBeam/sItemWaveBeamPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/waveBeam/sItemWaveBeamPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/waveBeam/sItemWaveBeamPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/waveBeam/sItemWaveBeamPrime_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/waveBeam/sItemWaveBeamPrime_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/waveBuster/sItemWaveBusterPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/waveBuster/sItemWaveBusterPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/waveBuster/sItemWaveBusterPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/waveBuster/sItemWaveBusterPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/xrayVisor/sItemXrayVisorPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/xrayVisor/sItemXrayVisorPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/xrayVisor/sItemXrayVisorPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/xrayVisor/sItemXrayVisorPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/xrayVisor/sItemXrayVisorPrime_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/xrayVisor/sItemXrayVisorPrime_6.png
am2r_yams_tests/test_meta.py