About `gpx_vis`===============`gpx_vis` allows simple and easy visualisation of your cycling/walking tours.Important: currently only works for .GPX from completed paths in Komoot. In development.Install-------```bashpip install gpx_vis```Update to the latest version:```bashpip install gpx_vis --upgrade```Instantiate-----------```pythonfrom gpx_vis import Tracktrack = Track(pathname)````pathname` serves as a reference to either a single `.gpx` file or a directory.If a directory path is provided, all .gpx files contained within that directorywill be merged, but retain their original metadata (e.g., different tracks remain separated).This allows users to overlay multiple tracks onto a single map, providing a comprehensive summary of the data being analyzed or created.Map creation------------```pythontrack.create_map(path2file)```This creates an html file saved to `path2file`. An interactive html map will be created.Hover mouse over route, or click on final waypoints (flag marker) for further info.Route (Matplotlib)------------------```pythontrack.plt_tracks()```Creates a latitude-longitude plot with matplotlib, colourmaped by elevation.City overview-------------```pythontrack.city_list```Curious which city you went through along the way? This command creates a listof cities - sorted by country then name - that were detected through the tour. The `frequency` parameter tells how many times a city was encountered; it should somewhat correlate to time spent in that city.Additional information----------------------Shoud you wish to plot/inspect different values, these parameters are also accesssible via:  `track.t`: time`track.x`: longitude`track.y`: latitude`track.z`: elevation